### The Gaming Room require a web version of their andriod game application, and it should be compatible with every modern browsers being used in computers, laptops and mobile devices. They required a client/server approach were images and other data could be stored in a backend and be served to clinets connecting via web.I belive I did well in my final recommendation, where I suggested which OS platform should be used for development, and how said platform manages storage and memory.Having the design constraints and the UML diagrams were very helpful when developing the code for th application. Spcially the UML diagram, which was very dteailed, helped in accelerated development of the models and logic.

### I would choose to imporve my evaluation of the operating platforms, specificly the client side report. I would like to include few information about broswer support in each platform and callout safari support and ease of development/esting for safari in macOS.A good way to interpret user's needs is via the software requirement part. It is of the outmost importance to consider the user's needs when designing becuase that is the application so we can deliver a well functioning app that meets every appectance criteria and provides a good experince for the users. It also helps us stay in scope for development.

### My approach to desigining the software was by evaluating the requirements of the application and setting up design constraints to stay in scope. The use of UML diagrams is something I would incorporate in my future projects as they are very helpful. 
